OK I have a coding assignment for you and what we want to do is display a list of authors so that it's
almost cookie cutter from what I did for showing you the list of books.
But we're going to do it for authors so to do this we're going to need to do is create an author controller
and we'll need to order wire in by constructor the author repository and then we'll to create a a method
to bind a list of the authors to the model that's being returned to.
Timely.
We'll map a path slash authors to that controller method and then create a timely template to display
the authors.
So that's pretty much cookie cutter everything that I just did.
I want to get your hands on it.
And in the next video I will step you through step by step.
Everything I did.